###Essay Question #1 
I like solving puzzles and spending time pondering about questions and problems that interest me. This is the reason why I love doing scientific research and decided to go to graduate school for a master degree in chemistry. After graduated and started working in the pharmaceutical industry, I realized that I want to leave the laboratory but would still like a career that would always challenge my mind and keep myself learning everyday while having a positive impact on the world. From my days in the research lab, I have been impressed and inspired by how software engineering can significantly contribute to new discoveries of human kind and the world. After considering software engineering as a possible career change, I have taken several online programming courses such as ["Intro to Computer Science"](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-computer-science--cs101) from Udacity, ["Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)"](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/python) and ["Introduction to HTML5"](https://www.coursera.org/learn/html) from Coursera, and [CS50](https://cs50.harvard.edu/) from Harvard University. Learning coding on my own has required a lot of self-perseverance, determination and patience; however, the feeling when a simple code I wrote actually run is rewarding and makes all the time, efforts, and frustration completely worth it. I am confident that with my strong determination and love for coding, patience, and strong logical and analytical skills, I will eventually become a good programmer. However, like many things in life, we learn faster with guidance. Therefore, I truly hope to have the opportunity to attend the training at Ada Academy where not only can I receive guidance from passionate teachers but I will also be surrounded with like-minded women who are as driven and determined as I am about becoming a professional programmer. Programming, more than anything else, require a lot of collaboration, and I am looking forward to be immersed in the educational, collaborative, and inspirational environment at Ada Academy.
### Essay Question #2
If I get accepted into Ada Academy, in five years, I can see myself become a professional software developer. I will be learning as much as I can on the job and contribute my best to the success of my company. As of right now, I am very interested in cloud engineering; big data is the future and will play a crucial role in the development of businesses and technology. In the first year, I would like to master the concepts and programming languages taught by Ada Academy and through internship. I would also like to make as many connections as possible to have a deeper view of the programming world and to gain more job opportunities. After starting working in my second year, I would like to explore more programming languages through working and through participating in open source projects. I also hope that I would by then have a more certain idea of what software programming field I am most interested in and start focusing on developing my skills for that field. The next three years I would continue on learning and practicing my coding skills so that I can truly earn the title of professional software developer and enter the field that I am passionate about. I know I will be very happy and feel fulfilled working everyday knowing that I am using my given abilities and opportunities to the best I can to create a meaningful life for myself and to contribute to positive changes of the world.
### Essay Question #3
I believe that anyone who has a passion for coding can become a good coder regardless of their race, sexual orientation, education, or economic background. I was born and raised in Vietnam. The decision to come to the US for a better education, all by myself, at age 16, was one of the hardest but also the best decision I have made. After many things that I have experienced and lessons that I have learned ever since, I am grateful for what I have and truly believe that everyone deserve a chance at making their dream come true as long as they put in their best efforts. How far an individual can go should not be determined by the color of his/her skin or sexual orientation, but by his or her own abilities and sheer determination. I am excited to share my experience and perspective of the world with everyone and to listen to others' stories to learn more about life around me. In addition, I would really want to help to bring more females into the programming profession. Today, there is a large gender gap in software programming industry, and the reason for it, I believe, is not because women are not as capable of becoming a good programmer as men, but because of the deep-rooted misconception about programming. A lot of little girls growing up believing that they cannot be as good as math as boys and since they have to be good at math to be good at programming, they cannot become a programmer. Both of these beliefs are wrong, and I believe that by  doing outreach activities at schools and in small groups, we can show these young girls that there is a sky of opportunities in the tech world and if they really want it and put in efforts, they can do it as good or even better then their male counterparts. In addition, reducing gender gap should not be done by focusing only on white females. Women are currently underrepresented in the tech world, and women of color are underrepresented among women in the tech world.  
### Essay Question #4
When I first started my current job, I wanted to prove myself so I tried my best to finish my projects as quick as possible without any helps. Many times, I ended up staying late and found myself rushing experiments to finish them as quick as possible. There was this one time when I was assigned two projects at the same time with the deadlines very close to each other. I assured both team leaders that I would be able to handle them both and finish on time. When the deadlines was approaching, I realized that I would not be able to finish one of the projects. Two days before the deadlines, I rushed one experiment in hope of finishing on time. That caused me to miss one step in the experiment and caused the experiment to be invalid and needed to be run again. I decided to talk to both team leaders and asked for assistance from another co-worker. We eventually were able to finish everything just in time. I learned two lessons from that experience: first is to never rush doing anything because rushing will lead to mistakes. I now work the quickest but in the most accurate and error-free way possible. Another lesson is to communicate well with team leaders in term of workload and make sure that I will ask for help when I need to. 
